README.md, before:

# ULA102
Assignment 5 ULA2 Grading Script. Download all submissions and unzip the zip file into the submisisons folder.

## Directory Structure
    .
    ├── submissions/             # Directory containing all student submissions
    │   ├── assigned_students/    # Specific students assigned for grading
    ├── compiled_outputs/         # Directory for storing compiled output files (C++ binaries)
    ├── logs/                     # Directory for logs from each script's compilation and execution
    ├── input.txt                 # Default input file used for Python scripts requiring input
    └── grading.txt               # File containing a list of student IDs for assigned students

### Makefile

Use the `Makefile` to run the grading script or clean up files. The `Makefile` simplifies the grading process by providing a set of commands for managing the environment.

#### Available Commands

- **`make run`**:  
  Runs the grading script, which processes submissions in the `assigned_students` directory.

- **`make clean`**:  
  Deletes all files in the `logs` and `compiled_outputs` directories, cleaning up all compilation outputs and log files.

- **`make help`**:  
  Displays available commands with descriptions.

- **`make setup`**:
  Sets up necessary directories.


### Input.txt
The grading script automatically redirects input.txt, as the input for each Python file in the assigned_students directory.
The file provides default input to all Python files that require it.

### Grading.txt
The list of student IDs for the submissions we're assigned for grading. The bash script filters the submissions to only those we're assigned to.
The formatting should be a single student ID to identify the specific submissions for each line. Copy and paste Cell B rows from the Grading Excel Sheet onto Grading.txt.

## Insturctions:
1. Clone repository.
2. Run `make setup`.
3. Copy and paste submissions zip into submissions directory.
4. Unzip submissions zip file.
5. Copy and paste assigned student IDs from Excel into grading.txt
3. Run `make run`.

Commit message:

Redundant cpp_logs directory and updated readme

README.md, after:

# ULA102
Assignment 5 ULA2 Grading Script. Download all submissions and unzip the zip file into the submisisons folder.

## Directory Structure
    .
    ├── submissions/             # Directory containing all student submissions
    │   ├── assigned_students/    # Specific students assigned for grading
    ├── compiled_outputs/         # Directory for storing compiled output files (C++ binaries)
    ├── logs/                     # Directory for logs from each script's compilation and execution
    │   ├── cpp_output_logs/      # Output logs for CPP files
    │   ├── py_logs/              # Output logs for Python files
    ├── input.txt                 # Default input file used for Python scripts requiring input
    └── grading.txt               # File containing a list of student IDs for assigned students

### Makefile

Use the `Makefile` to run the grading script or clean up files. The `Makefile` simplifies the grading process by providing a set of commands for managing the environment.

#### Available Commands

- **`make run`**:  
  Runs the grading script, which processes submissions in the `assigned_students` directory.

- **`make clean`**:  
  Deletes all files in the `logs` and `compiled_outputs` directories, cleaning up all compilation outputs and log files.

- **`make help`**:  
  Displays available commands with descriptions.

- **`make setup`**:
  Sets up necessary directories.


### Input.txt
The grading script automatically redirects input.txt, as the input for each Python/CPP file in the assigned_students directory.
The file provides default input to all Python files that require it.
Depending on their formatting, students will typically as inputs for avg wind speed, blade radius, and efficiency.
Since the rubric requires "correct" outputs, these will vary depending on the student order of inputs.

### Grading.txt
The list of student IDs for the submissions we're assigned for grading. The bash script filters the submissions to only those we're assigned to.
The formatting should be a single student ID to identify the specific submissions for each line. Copy and paste Cell B rows from the Grading Excel Sheet onto Grading.txt.

## Insturctions:
1. Clone repository.
2. Run `make setup`.
3. Copy and paste submissions zip into submissions directory.
4. Unzip submissions zip file.
5. Copy and paste assigned student IDs from Excel into grading.txt
3. Run `make run`.
